support GITLAB_ISSUE_CLOSING_PATTERN (#2516)
sameersbn/docker-gitlab: README.md

| `GITLAB_EMAIL_SMIME_KEY_FILE` | Specifies the path to a S/MIME private key file in PEM format, unencrypted. Defaults to ``. |
| `GITLAB_EMAIL_SMIME_CERT_FILE` | Specifies the path to a S/MIME public certificate key in PEM format. Defaults to ``. |
| `GITLAB_DEFAULT_THEME` | Default theme ID, by default 2. (1 - Indigo, 2 - Dark, 3 - Light, 4 - Blue, 5 - Green, 6 - Light Indigo, 7 - Light Blue, 8 - Light Green, 9 - Red, 10 - Light Red) |

> | `GITLAB_ISSUE_CLOSING_PATTERN` | Issue closing pattern regex. See [GitLab's documentation](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/administration/issue_closing_pattern.html) for more detail. Defaults to ` \b((?:[Cc]los(?:e[sd]?|ing)|\b[Ff]ix(?:e[sd]|ing)?|\b[Rr]esolv(?:e[sd]?|ing)|\b[Ii]mplement(?:s|ed|ing)?)(:?) +(?:(?:issues? +)?%{issue_ref}(?:(?:, *| +and +)?)|([A-Z][A-Z0-9_]+-\d+))+) ` . |

Reviewer: I propose to mention the default values outside this table e.g. directly after this table as an additional hint and with a reference.

I know, in any case our Readme.md has to be cleaned up and restructured. I guess this will need some time. 
```suggestion
| `GITLAB_ISSUE_CLOSING_PATTERN` | Issue closing pattern regex. See [GitLab's documentation](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/administration/issue_closing_pattern.html) for more detail. The default values can be found directly after this table below [LINK]. |
```

What do you think?

Reviewer: An example of well structured Readme.md is given by <https://github.com/spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy>.

However, this does not make finding information any easier ^^.

Reviewer: I tried a few more tricks, however, resolving the table is the most efficient (and also readable) option. Could you put the individual table entries into a list in the form

- Important parameter 1`: Important explanation of parameter 1.
- Important parameter 2': Important explanation of parameter 2.

formatted?

Reviewer: I would like to mix this PR together with #2531. I hope I'm not pushing you with this. (However, do you need my assistance?)

Author: Hi. sorry for late.  

Another reason I chose that format is that most of markdown processors generate anchor to the header. Currently when I explain individual parameters, I sometimes find it inconvenient because there is no suitable link other than ″configuration parameters″ even though there are so many parameters.

But list style you suggested is also looks smart. Im wondering which is better. Could you decide which one looks better, considering the reasons given above? I respect your judgment and submit a pr.
